Privacy Policy "seen" takes your privacy seriously. To protect your privacy, we provide this privacy policy notice explaining how your personal information is collected and used.

Collection of Routine Information This application tracks basic information about its visitors. This information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps, and referring pages. None of this information can personally identify any visitor to this application. The information is tracked for routine administration and maintenance purposes.

Cookies Where necessary, this application uses cookies to store information about a visitor's preferences and history to better serve and/or present the visitor with customized content.

Advertisement and Other Third Parties Advertising partners and other third parties may use cookies, scripts, and/or web beacons to track visitor activities on this application to display advertisements and other useful information. Such tracking is done directly by the third parties through their servers and is subject to their own privacy policies. This application has no access or control over these cookies, scripts, and/or web beacons used by third parties. Learn how to opt out of Google’s cookie usage.

Links to Third-Party Websites We have included links on this application for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these websites may differ from our own.

Security The security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Changes to This Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy is effective as of [[14/3/2024]] and will remain in effect unless there are any changes to its provisions in the future, which will be effective immediately after being posted on this page.

We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time, and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us or by placing a prominent notice on our application.

Contact Information For any questions or concerns regarding the privacy policy, please send us an email at [[lazezma7rous@gmail.com]].
